capital = 396

oob = "UFA_3236"

recruit_character = UFA_Herbert_Willson
recruit_character = UFA_Shadow_the_Hedgehog

recruit_character = UFA_Abraham_Tower
recruit_character = UFA_Amanda_Tower
recruit_character = UFA_Hugo_Brass
recruit_character = UFA_Melissa_Rotach
recruit_character = UFA_Daniel_Murer
recruit_character = UFA_Sperry_Doberman

recruit_character = UFA_Hoss_Dixon
recruit_character = UFA_Dutch_Free
recruit_character = UFA_Honch_Dubois
recruit_character = UFA_Rico_Gilliard
recruit_character = UFA_Archibald_Andrews
recruit_character = UFA_Catharina_Yarntail
recruit_character = UFA_Charles_Clayton
recruit_character = UFA_Elizabeth_Cooper
recruit_character = UFA_Esmagar_Pinto
recruit_character = UFA_Francis_Sabatino
recruit_character = UFA_Knievel_Goode
recruit_character = UFA_Proto_Cole
recruit_character = UFA_Richard_Cheung
recruit_character = UFA_Veronica_Lodge
recruit_character = UFA_Christina_Cooper
recruit_character = UFA_Jerome_Wise
recruit_character = UFA_Michael_Hardy_and_James_Cools
recruit_character = UFA_Captain_Onishima
recruit_character = UFA_J_J_Moto
recruit_character = UFA_Nite_the_Owl
recruit_character = UFA_DJ_Professor_K
recruit_character = UFA_Mayor_Bulliani
recruit_character = UFA_Princess_Elise
recruit_character = UFA_Hope_Kintobor
recruit_character = UFA_Chuck_Thorndyke
recruit_character = UFA_Sam_Speed
recruit_character = UFA_Madonna
recruit_character = UFA_Topaz
recruit_character = UFA_E123_Omega
recruit_character = UFA_Captain_Andrews

set_technology = {
	infantry_weapons = 1
	magazine_rifle = 1
	assault_complex = 1
	fragmentation_grenade = 1
	reflex_sight = 1
	armor_piercing_cartridges = 1
	first_energy_weapon = 1
	personal_equipment = 1
	steel_helmet = 1
	infantry_support_equipment_1 = 1
	antitank_equipment_1 = 1
	spec_camo = 1
	kevlar = 1
	night_equipment_1 = 1
	motorised_infantry = 1
	mechanised_infantry_on_apc_1 = 1
	mechanised_infantry_on_ifv_1 = 1
	apc_turret = 1
 	smoke_grenade_on_ifv = 1
	marines = 1
	tech_jagers = 1
	paratroopers = 1
	tech_mountaineers = 1
	tech_special_forces = 1
	hand_tools = 1
	welding_method = 1
	gov_industrial_revolution = 1
	drawing_standard = 1
	mine_improvement = 1
	—Åonstruction_machinery = 1
	fuel_silos = 1
	fuel_refining = 1
	synth_oil_experiments = 1
	programmed_electronics = 1
	quantum_processor = 1
	medium_robot_1 = 1
	heavy_robot_1 = 1
	light_robots_1 = 1
	tech_support = 1
	tech_engineers = 1
	tech_recon = 1
	tech_signal_company = 1
	tech_maintenance_company = 1 
	tech_logistics_company = 1
	tech_field_hospital = 1
	tech_armored_reconnaissance_vehicle_1 = 1
	tech_electronic_countermeasure_vehicle_1 = 1
	tech_main_battle_tank_1 = 1
	tech_main_battle_tank_2 = 1
	tech_military_engineering_vehicle_2 = 1
	tech_medium_tank_artillery_2 = 1
	tech_armoured_recovery_vehicle_2 = 1
	tech_armored_rockets_vehicle = 1
	tech_armored_anti_tank_1 = 1
	tech_armored_anti_air_1 = 1
	tech_motorized_rocket_1 = 1
	heavy_engine_for_ht_rg = 1
	tech_hover_tank_1 = 1
	tech_railgun_1 = 1
	
	sonicinfweapon = 1 
	infantry_artillery_1 = 1
	infantry_ATGM_1 = 1
	infantry_SAM_1 = 1
	infantry_ATGM_2 = 1
	infantry_railgun_1 = 1
	
	early_fighter = 1
	fighter1 = 1
	jet_fighter0 = 1
	jet_fighter1 = 1
	CAS1 = 1
	jet_CAS1 = 1
	jet_interceptor1 = 1
	bomber1 = 1
	strat_jet_bomber0 = 1
	jet_tact_bomber1 = 1
	jet_strat_bomber1 = 1
	scout_plane0 = 1
	scout_plane1 = 1 
	transport_plane0 = 1
	transport_plane1 = 1
	attack_helicopter0 = 1 
	attack_helicopter1 = 1
	transport_helicopter1 = 1
}

add_ideas = {
	very_good_tech
	nascent_corruption
	no_mbr

	Oil_Crisis_3235
	Under_Banners_GUN
	Stronghold_of_Democracy
	Patchwork_Federation
}

load_focus_tree = United_Federation_startup

set_convoys = 5

set_politics = {
	ruling_party = progressive_liberalism
	last_election = "3233.3.5"
	election_frequency = 48
	elections_allowed = no
}

set_popularities = {
	neosocialism = 0
	katzerism = 0
	autonomous_socialism = 10
	progressism = 15
	progressive_liberalism = 30
	orthodox_liberalism = 15
	conservatism = 25
	legalism = 5
	autocracy = 0
	technocratic_despotism = 0
	purificationism = 0
}

if = {
	limit = {
		has_dlc = "La Resistance"
	}
	create_operative_leader = {
		name = "Rouge the Bat"
		picture = "Portrait_Rouge_the_Bat_ufa.tga"
		traits = {
			operative_infiltrator
			operative_seducer
			operative_double_agent
			operative_safe_cracker
		}
		bypass_recruitmentment = no
		available_to_spy_master = yes
		nationalities = { UFA EGG }
	}
}

